dear friends, hello everybody again
sbyte studio is the most beautiful and I'm tatyana
Chuprova
and today we are in the paradise of all
women's hearts in a single shop
professional cosmetics mix colors
measles today we will do a mini review of three
products that you can buy
Only in this store and 1 product
which I want to tell you is super
easy gel eyeliner dries its
page in contact, I tell you about
the fact that performing makeup on the gel is
on super as many eyeliner them you can
I try to do it myself
smokey ice techniques
ikat ice makeup keeps incredible
stand up to two days are very satisfied and
brides are very happy girls who
go to clubs or participate in various
photo shoots
where a long amount of time is needed
be like that
this selection goes amazingly and
try it and you'll also be glad
also satisfied like me
another product I want today
tell this lipstick pencil and I want
so that every girl and now I have
This product was in a bag. What is it good for?
if we need a quick lead with yours
lips in order to give them a healthy
shine no what then go ahead behind it
pencil of course super perfect
colors with it you will not achieve but
and on the other hand, you can use them on the go
can you use in the mirror and if you
you need to instantly make your lips healthy
view
that this pencil plan will only
help today coming to the store i did
for yourself a new discovery is cream
blush nyx honest i'm not
I enjoyed to date this
product but makeup you see
today on me it is made with the help
this blush and what is the plus of this
product and use it absolutely
any girl is amateur even without
vocational training she is comfortable
your use so that you can
I find right fingers on places where
we impose blush
and also add some accents
and on the lips it looks incredibly gorgeous i
I will use and here further
ended our brief review we
Thank you for your cooperation and
invitation mix shop
conquer I want to remind you so you
subscribed to our page
VKontakte also appeared our page
Facebook signed our channel youtube
click likes tell someone this will be
interesting with you was business then this is me
the most beautiful
and I